WIP BXMSDOC-8003: Added Metadata attribute property and reuse data types feature as per BAPL-1936 and BAPL-1639 (#66)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/bpmn/bpmn-con.adoc

| Enter a description of the purpose of the process.

| *Imports*

> | Click to open the *Imports* window and add any data type classes required for your process, or you can select an already defined data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Click to open the *Imports* window.
| Add any data type classes your process requires, or you can select an already defined data type.
```

Author: The above statement is available in a table, that's why we can't split it.
